Improve doc about translucency (#766)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/user/LIMITATIONS_AND_TROUBLESHOOTING.md

Make sure that VTK has been built with *OpenImageDenoise* support (`VTKOSPRAY_ENABLE_DENOISER` option).

> My model shows up all wrong, with inverted surfaces everywhere.

> Your data probably contains some translucent data for some reasons, turn on translucency support by pressiong `P` or using the `-p` command line option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your data probably contains some translucent data for some reason, turn on translucency support by pressing `P` or using the `-p` command line option.
```
